what's up guys you know this video's
gonna seem like it'd be a whining video
but it's really not I mean I try to do
my best to help as many people as
possible out with my channel I go out of
my way to play with subscribers I got my
way to try to help change people's lives
and one thing I gotta do and I got to
take priority on it I got to be I got to
start taking priority only actually
getting views on my own personal videos
um because apparently I if you guys
don't do it or not I put out around
three to five videos a day I do it every
day I wake up my first priority is to
take a shower and after that I basically
get on and I grind and my grind means
i'll play you know black ops you know
three or four hours get four or five
gameplays come home and try to try to
put four or five videos together and I
generally do him back to back to back to
back so I can just kick off uploads and
then upload for the rest of the day and
then during that period I like to
basically do what I need to do either be
a go pay bills go buy food or whatever
and that's pretty much my game plan for
most of the day I squeeze everything
else in behind that and the reason I got
to do it like this is because nobody I
can't ever get anybody to lycra favor my
video so what's going to happen end up
happening is I'm like to do a disclaimer
or something at being of every video
asking you to rate it braiding helps not
only to what rating does rating is
pretty much worthless now to get on the
front page because all the bigger
channels you know they need ratings just
as much as I do and by bigger channels i
mean like x jaws and white boy and their
subscribers are a lot more poignant at
giving them likes they're almost
acclimated to do it and so I can't
compete with that but what liking does
for me if you give me a you know say
five six thousand likes a video it helps
my videos get the the views i want my
goal views is around 50,000 views per
video if i could get that I would have
to worry so much about what about eating
every month and you know it might say
might seem like stupid like you got that
nice you've got two or three trucks how
you know you know I also have around
four thousand dollars of the bills every
month to pay
and I've also took on a lot of a lot of
other money obligations and stuff trying
to trying to diversify my money and I
can't really afford to drop this summer
like I did last summer like right last
three days I've gained like three
hundred subscribers a piece I mean you
know I sound like I'm bitching and
crying to like people that gained like
two subscribers but look here you guys
aren't putting the effort into your
videos with the smaller channels I know
it sounds bad but you're not my my first
month on the YouTube I put out a hundred
and two videos and they got 28,000 use
total and I just keep doing it I put out
over 100 videos every month since then I
haven't changed one bit my play style
hasn't changed I've got a little bit
better at the game as a whole but I
pretty much the same person now as I was
then so if you could if you see a video
please like and favorite it would we
don't have a favorite don't do that I
mean that's for a favorite if you like
the video but if you could just put a
like or dislike it doesn't matter which
I don't care which and I'm probably
gonna be I'm probably gonna clear my
entire block list today so anybody wants
to come back and eight then come back
and hate to